Is this murder? No. All beings of substance die eventually. But only those forgotten are truly dead. 
The end of the Orokin wiped out untold knowledge. Through Synthesis, we can rebuild and preserve. Create memory-immortals within this data oasis. 
Will you become enlightened, Tenno? Will you hunt for me?
I see we are of like mind. The Sanctuary will be your project too.
Hunter, my research needs you. Are you ready to endure the rigors of the Sanctuary?
You seek rewards, Hunter?
I can see you're hungry for the knowledge of the Sanctuary.
Show me your dedication to the Sanctuary.
You are a true hunter. Where would the Sanctuary be without you?
The multitude of creatures you have immortalized would cry out in thanks... if they could.
The Sanctuary must grow. It must preserve. It must endure. Hunt this being for me, and I will enlighten you.
It is time for you and your kind to hunt again. Knowledge will be your reward.
Cast off your ignorant veil, Tenno! Collect your arms, your allies, and hunt this creature for me. I will reward you, should you perform Synthesis.
Knowledge must be earned, Tenno. I will share what I know, but you must prove yourself deserving.
I must determine a new target. This task cannot be rushed. Leave me.
I can see you are hungry for knowledge, but that hunger must be matched by patience.
This fine specimen could be the next addition to the Sanctuary. Help me discover its secrets.
I have a thirst for knowledge that only Synthesis can satisfy.
Even while others are blinded by petty morality, you recognized the virtue of the Sanctuary.
I knew we had a shared passion, Hunter.
Do you ever wonder why only the Hunter is rewarded when it is the specimen that gives all to the Sanctuary? I find it best to discard such thoughts.
I can see you are hungry for the knowledge of the Sanctuary.
Tenno, you will make an excellent hunter.
There is a Sanctuary target here, hunter. I sense it! Track it with the Synthesis Scanner. Don't let it escape!
The hunt is on, Tenno. The Synthesis Scanner is detecting a potential target. Use it! Search for traces of the target.
That's it! It'll be a perfect specimen. Trap it so you can Synthesize it for me.
There it is, ripe for Synthesis! Tame this creature so you may perform the Synthesis I require.
Tenno, do not damage it further! Use the Synthesis device!
Killing goes too far! Have I been unclear?
There may be information stored on the network.
No, no no NO! You've wasted the specimen! Was I wrong to entrust Synthesis to you?!
Motivations are inconsequential. Focus on finding their next location.
This is but a trifle of the knowledge I would give you, if you were to join me in the Sanctuary.
Knowledge is the path to the singularity.
Let us begin the final hunt.
We are creatures of light and memory, but creatures none the less.
Your thirst for knowledge is as insatiable as mine.
Hunter, this target is my current obsession. I must know its every detail. Will you oblige my passion?
I can tell, you find thrill in the hunt. Come back later for a new target.
Return to me and hunt again, Tenno. I will reward you.
You are a worthy hunter, Tenno.
I will share what I know, but you must prove yourself deserving.
Knowledge must be earned, Tenno. I will share what I know, but you must prove yourself deserving. Hunt this creature for me, perform Synthesis, and you will be enlightened.