Who taught you to drive, and were you happy with their approach?
Can you remember the first song you learnt?
What would you do if you were sure to get away with it?
A living legend. Anybody come to mind?
Which food do you find most off putting?
"Happiness" What comes to mind?
The time of day you enjoy the most?
If you won a huge sum of money what would you no longer do?
Who is your worst imaginable marriage partner?
Ever been caught out in extreme weather? Do tell...
What do you consider to be the best work you've done?
Collected a debt? How did you do it?
In which room of your home do you most enjoy spending time?
Is there a piece of furniture that holds special meaning for you?
What is your earliest memory?
If you could question a world leader, who would it be and what would you ask?
Of the places you have lived which was your favourite?
Tell us a decision you made that has had a major effect on your life?
Who is your favourite writer?
TV/internet advertising. Has it ever persuaded you to buy, or invest in something?
How do major world events, outside your home territory, affect you?
What is the worst film you've seen?
Do you have a favourite period or style of architecture?
Have you ever dropped out of society or wanted to drop out?
If you were a research scientist which branch of science would you follow?
Which invention has been the most useful to you?
If you felt self-conscious at a social or business function how would you overcome it?
What is the longest distance you've ever driven?
Is there a piece of music you consider special?
How do you like someone to express his or her love for you?
The funniest thing you've ever seen?
The best party you've held, been to or heard about?
How important are good manners and etiquette?
In which outfit or type of clothes do you think you look best?
Your idea of a great day out?
What for you is the most difficult thing in life to accept?
Would you like to be one of a twin?
Who are your favourite heroes of history?
What is the most difficult or frustrating part of your daily work?
Do you like to watch or have you ever observed a particular wild animal or bird?
Do you have a favourite religous story?
Use one word to describe yourself. Impossible? Go on try.
Which song would you like to have written?
Do you run for cover or put on a show when the cameras come out?
When did you first realise that your parents weren't perfect?
Your favourite means of tansport?
The most creative person you know?
What do you enjoy finding in other people?
Describe the best holiday accommodation you have stayed in.
Which famous painting would you like to have painted?
Your most embarrassing moment? Or your finest?
Do you have any unusual tasted in food or food combinations?
A particular smell that lingers in your memory?
If you could alter one of your physical characteristics what would it be?
What is the most you have ever spent on a pair of shoes?
The best practical joke you've seen, heard or played?
When did ou last cry and why?
Your idea of a great night out or in?
Do you remember your first teacher?
What is the most important lesson that life has taught you?
What is your most precious material possession?
Your favourite card or computer game?
Which four people would you want with you in a fall-out shelter?
What practical trade would you like to learn?
Have you ever been lost?
Which phobia or hang-up would you like to be rid of?
What makes a great snack?
Have you an interesting, or funny, story about a pet you've known?
Which "house rules" do you have for yourself, and do you impose them on others?
What do you like to do with a group of friends?
Which season and where do youl like most?
For which two qualities could an employer highly recommend you?
Can you remember the first record or CD you bought?
Have you shopped through the internet or Mail Order and, if so, what did you buy?
Do you have a method for solving problems?
If you had to live solely on a foreign food, which nation's would you choose?
Have you used alternative medicine or an alternative health practioner?
Your biggest disappointment?
The best surprise you have ever had?
Your worst ever holiday accommodation?
What do you think happens after death?
What type of countryside do you enjoy most?
Are you involved in any community service?
How do you change the subject when you don't like it?
What type of club do you or would you like to belong to
Where besides your hometwon would you like to live?
What would you most like to be remembered for?
Do you have a favourite plate cup or glass?
What is the most memorable object you've seen in a museum?
Does the world belong to the "thinkers" or the "doers"?
Do you have a recipe that is your specialty?
Describe a piece of jewellery you would like to own?
Which emotion would you like to experience more often?
Are you an indoor or outdoor person?
What do you think is a good investment right now?
What do you wonder about most?
Have you ever followed a TV or radio series?
Which domestic chore (household or garden) do you enjoy or loathe?
If you "returned" as a member of the opposite sex what do you think you'd enjoy most?
Have you voted informal?
Have you ever caught a fish?
What do you get out of spending time with children?
How do you like to celebrate?
Your favourite colour? What does it do for you and how do you use it in your life?
If you could choose a background and upbringing what would it be?
Do you have a favourite form 
With which country other than your own do you feel most affinity?
What do you think of then you hear the word "danger"?
The worst meal you've ever been served in a restaurant?
How did you find out the facts of life?
What do you believe is the biggest problem in the world?
The most positive person you have ever known or met?
Where and when are you in your element?
What do you worry about most?
Who was your first friend? Do you know what became of them?
Have you been seasick?
The most important thing we can teach our children? 
Have you thrown or been given a surprise party?
Ever won a competiton?
Where would you like to be in five year's time?
Do you have a favourite charity
What is your favourite subject?
I really appreciate it when sombody...
Is there a word you tend to overuse?
The naughtiest thing you did as a child?
Tell us about a time in your life that you would like to live through again
Your idea of a perfect breakfast?
Which word do you invariably misspell?
Have you ever taken a huge risk? And did it pay off?
Do you collect anything?
Which world record would you like to hold?
The biggest lie you've ever told and why you told it?
The most interesting shope you have been in?
Have you ever found anything valuable or unusual
Earth, air, fire and water; to which do you most relate?
Have you been on TVor radio?
Which plant or flower is your favourite?
If you were present for yourself what would you be?
Do you have anything you'd like to give away?
Have you ever tried an old fashioned remedy?
How do you mae important decisions?
What sort of holiday do you enjoy the most?
Do you have a favourite photograph of yourself or your family
Have you ever had a significant experience whilst alone?
Who would you rather phone than email?
When you think retirement what comes next?
Is there any area of scientific reseach you think should stop
Which is your favourite sweet or confectionary?
Have you learned a craft?
What would you be most likely to demonstarte for or against?
Have you attended a fancy dress party or parade? If so, as what?
The feature you would most like to have in your ideal home?
Ever caught anyone cheating? If so, what did you do or say?
Who is your hero?
Have you had a meeting or experience that has given you the "it's a small world" feeling?
Which personal quality do you think you lack?
At which sport do you or would you like to excel?
Your most difficult subject at school?
What is the best offer you've ever turned down?
A special memory about a fireplace
Do you follow a sporting team? Who and why?
What gives you most pleasure in living?
What is the longest time you've been without sleep?
Have you had a good idea for a business venture?
Tell us about a survival skill you have or know about?
Your best joke?
Who would you take on your dream holiday and where would you go?
How did you meet one of your clost friends?
A favourite place in the country? Why is it special?
What reform do you admire?
Have you ever felt you've "beaten the system"?
If someone offered to spoil you for a day what would you like him or her to do?
Ever seen or had anything go horribly or hilariously wrong in a live performance?
When did you last lose your temper and was it worth it?
What's the biggest bargain you've ever found?
Which TV or radio series would you like repeated?
Your parents' greatest strengths? Or weaknesses?
Ever been caught out in extreme weather? Do tell?
What do you consider to be the best work you've ever done?
Do you have cravings? For what?
Who outside of your immediate family is your favourite relative?
What is the longest time you have waited for somebody?
Which memory do you hold most dear?
A fashion trend you have followed or adopted?
If you were to try something new and daring what would it be?
Your greatest psychological strength or virtue?
A recent complment? Your reaction?
The most memorable menu you have seen?
Have you ever feared for your life?
Whcich fairy tale or myth appeals to you?
What sort of things do you tend to forget?
Are you on the way to achieving your goals? Or already there?
Which cartoon or comic strip character hits the spot with you?
The most spectacular natural phenomenon you have seen?
Which trait would you find most annoying in a partner?
Asked to compile a CD of your favourite songs which 4 would you include?
Which invention not yet available would you like to have?
What advice would you give to someone about to be married?
To which ancient race would you have liked to belong?
Do you have an interesting scar birthmark or tattoo?
Is one's personality born or made?
What do you tent do do while you're talking on the phone?
Is there an accent you can imitate? Please do
What is the most ridiculous thing you've 
Do you have a sure-fire cure for hiccups?
In which foreign language would you like to be fluent?
The most important thing in life?
Have you had your photo in a newspaper or magazine?
Can you match a time of day with the perfect drink?
Your most eccentric habit?
Ever laughed at an inappropriate time?
Have you cared for a sick animal or bird?
What potential do you have that is so far unfulfilled?
Your favourite childhood you? What happened to it?
Do you remember the first person you had a crush on?
How do you react when you make a mistake?
What do you put most effort into?
Which physical characteristc are you glad to have?
Tell of a chance event or meeting that has had a big impact on your life?
If you could change professions for a week which would you choose?
Your favourite adjective?
If you had a message for the world what would it be?
Ever had an unexpected windfall?
Have you been the recipient of a random act of kindness?
What would you like written on your tombstone?
Do you remember your first date? Where did you go?
What was your favourite childhood meal? Who made it?
The best present you've given? Or recieved?
When you're alone what do you do that you're glad no one sees?
The highest point you've reaced on earth?
How did you earn then spend your first pay packet?
Any strategies for temper control?
A talent you'd like to possess
Something you ought to do that you keep putting off?
Your greatest secret ambition?
Ever been burgled?
With which field of the arts do you feel more affinity
The most stupid, or tactless, thing you've ever said or done?
Do you have a favourite restaurant?
What was a game you played as a child that didn't cost any money?
Do you have a recurring dream or nightmare?
Which herb, spice, or sauce brings your taste buds alive?
The type of shopping you most enjoy?
Your thoughts when you look up into a starry night?
Which word or phrase is frequently uttered by you when things go wrong?
The very first thing you remember learning at school?
Have you ever had to kill something?
Which colours do you like together?
If you had to choose another name what would you like to be called?
HOw much tolerance do you show people with beliefs and/or lifestyles different from your own?
Have you been underground or underwater?
The worst comment you received on a school report?
How do you get people to go home?
What sucks you in?
Tell us about a special or romantic moment in your life
When did you last give into temptaion?
Where, and when, have you felt coldest?
The tallest building you've ever been up?
What would you like to happen to your body after death?
Do you have a nursery rhyme with special memories?
Which film tops your all-time-great movie list?
Five traits you most appreciate in your partner? or would appreciate in a partner?
What is your favourite phrase or saying
Who taught you to cross the road?
Describe an event, or experience, that has had a profound effect on you.
The most outstanding teacher or coach you've ever had?
Do you prefer to walk in the country, city, seaside?
Have you ever consulted a palm-reader, astrologer or mystic?
Which perfume or natural scent is your favourite?
At which time of day do you feel your best?
Do you believe in miracles?
Which recent technology item would you like to have?
The worst job you have ever had to do?
What helps you get through tough times?
Ever thought up an invention
A book that has significance to you
In which area, or to whom, are you most generous?
If you could go anywhere in the world where would you go next weekend?
Generally speaking is our world a wonderful place?
Have you ever suffered from homesickness?
What or who makes you laugh?
Your tactics in an argument?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
What do you think about in the dentist's chair?
Do you tend to "fight or flight" in the face of conflict?
Do you hoard or clear?
What song do you sing in the shower, or karaoke?
The best time you've had with a stranger?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Your best or worst hair day?
How do you mend a broken a heart?
Whose autograph would you like and where would you like it?
Ever won a raffle or lottery?
Have you broken a habit?
Have you ever restored anything?
Your dream car or boat?
Is the glass half full, or half empty?
What's the best or worst advice you've been given?
Where would you like to see a rainbow?
Who or what do you miss?